"weed smoker age 13-18"
"VOTE FOR MEAT"
"is OH SHIT? YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO VOTE TODAY?! FUCKKKKKKKKK"
"is Who won, i suddenly became illiterate and colorblind?"
"is No more turning away,  from the weak and the weary"
"is all the coal i needed to get my up and coming powerplant finally running!!"
"I JUST GOT OFFERED THE LEAD IN THE POLYPHONIC SPREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"just unlocked ludacris"
"i just swallowed a pillow feather"
"leisure supreme"
"i invited a bunch of people who probably can't come to that festival to the festival just in case, thanks guys"
"contemplating life again...so many changes, so many challenges, so little time."
"doing the dishes.....................I HATE THE DISHES."
"a real victory for those who aren't idiots"
"a beautiful woman asked me for directions today and after i gasped and fainted i woke up in her RV, covered in crocus flowers with the smell of frying bacon from that cute little stove she has."
"cool breeze whip, summer eases grip"
"our son nick"
"siberian silver fir"
"Fall is the season of learning."
"if food can't be tasty it should at least be painfully spicy"
"when i grow up i want to trade chickens for goats, goats for sheep, sheep for cows, and cows for women"
"the fever is breaking and the omnieuphoria is setting in"
"someone take me and tyler to jerrys subs"
"skunkberry tea"
"question for jerry garcia: is there really a fountain that was not made by the hand of man"
"CAN'T WE FIND ANYTHING SCARIER THEN APOPHIS?!"
"lets all gather around the nag champa"
"A HATEFUL REMINDER, ENEMIES: .....i'm on to you"
"OH DAMNIT i missed thanksgiving again!!!"
"indians in cellophane tipis shouldn't throw stones"
"seems like none of the problems i have even compare to even the most minute annoyances"
"just incase you didn't know the girl from water world and the girl from napolean dynamite? the same girl"
"uh oh..... i just opened up my container that had my ice 9 in it...... and it's gone....."
"an image of judge mills lane stopping a puppy"
"i could be done with college tonight but............ i think i'll put it off 'till tomorrow"
"that moment, when you kiss someone and everything around becomes hazy and the only thing in focus is you and this person and you realize that that person is the only person that you're supposed to kiss for the rest of your life, and for one moment you get this amazing gift and you want to laugh and you want to cry because you feel so lucky that you found it and so scared that that it will go away all at the same time"
"fixed my car today with a tin can and a clothes hanger"
"...because what is antifreeze if not tastier mountain dew??"
"ODELL DOWN UNDER"
"back when the world was illustrations"
"ive got a bad case of cigarette posioning"
"hot sauce with a little soup in it"
"some idiot left 3 of his schmirnoff ices's in our fridge after that great party last night!? Let the party continue"
"shoot flexo"
"nothing says luxury and leisure like 6 pounds of fried 20% fat ground beef double bagged in ziplock"
"beanie babies are 50 cents at yesterdays rose but don't bother going cause i already got their circa 1997 missprinted Rainbow with a mint condition tag"
"shame on a person who try to run game on a person"
"hey what ever happened to that george bush guy"
"here is a helpful tip: roll up a particularly fragrant bar of soap in your sleeve like a pack of cigarettes and you will look cool, smell great and save your lungs from fake diseases!"
"keep your friends hot and your brain hotter"
"Dj Earf Mouf"
"perhaps the most important turning point in human history was when the beatles grew moustaches?"
"New theory: Someday in the future all women will be on the same cycle..... whoa"
"'my favorite dog is a superior breed of dog then your favorite breed of dog'"
"CAN'T THEY MAKE A BEER WITH ANTIOXIDENTS,  ELECTROLYTES AND SOMETHING THAT WHITENS YOUR TEETH!?"
"Thank fucking god we drove ole dixie down"
"what if, just what if, i was honest or even cruel to somone one who didn't deserve it? for once?"
"Perhaps Americans can be the worlds greatest Socalists?! Definetly worth a try"
"IT smells so beautiful outside i could weep"
"i'm not leaving my house until they invent a time machine"
"ya gotta know how to take a tick out"
"pizza liquore"
"my generation is so privalged in that we will beable to watch fred phelps die"
"has been practicing kissing on his hand all day!"
"so much depends upon  the smell of  four  new pillows  on my new queen sized bed"
"i totally get it now! a 7th chord is just a danker version of a chord!"
"Thats it Mulder, you just bought yourself a one way trip back to Washington!"
"this season is going great, i've killed more mosquitos then ive been biten by"
"sorry, all we got is girl shampoo"
"cardinal nest found, three eggs total, can't wait to influence this youth"
"the miller high life girl, all up on the moon"
"i just ate a whole jicama"
"i maintain that we've never met"
"star wars or world peace? hmmmmm"
"gosh darn it i opened up two beers at the same time!"
"ebay shopping reminder to self: fez, bullhorn, birdcage, birdnet, RUSSIAN OFFICER CAP, ankle holster"
"gut status: quite prevalent"
"how many people has dana skully killed?"
"do you guys like debussay or busey better?"
"Peachy has gone south for the week"
"why are girls always making pyrimids...."
"i guess one of the stipulations for being an alaskan crab fisherman is being a big wuss"
"YOU ATE ALL MY BIRTHDAY SUGAR WHEN I WASN'T LOOKING??"
"perhaps it is not love that is the most importanrt thing, but limes"
"given the oppertunity to destroy the enviornment for it's own gain, any other species of animal would have destroyed the earth 5 times over by now"
"This story is about a small fish in a small pond who gets to explore everything after a tremendous flood"
"Lime wine"
"Rene Lacoste and Ralph Lauren have the same initals"
"what if we started a war.... and got rid of anyone who was unfriendly....."
"hahaha: 'botoxicontin'"
"oh my god i was awarded a scholarship to study in shangri-la this is too good to be true!"
"happy birthday america, can't wait till everyone on the planet is celebrating this day when we take over their land AND DRINK THEIR FUCKING BLOOD"
"i will never eat two bags of spicy cheetos in one day ever again!"
"the laughing owl is extinct"
"daaaang!!!!!!!!! that girl to pale to smile"
"maybe, someday, far in the future, they will have a show where nobody kisses ever"
"the best tatoo is a hickey"
"tata nano may sound to you like a pair of small boobs but in reality it is an indian car with a small price"
"Oxygen Popsicle"
"this shake weight is kicking my ass"
"prepare the standard rich and famous contract for kermit the frog and company"
"here i lay in my queen sized bed, dressed only in a bathing suit , a popsicle and machete listening to bob dylan singing about the changin' times"
"i sleep with a machete, an ever empty flask and a bb gun pumped 5 times with the safety on"
"hahah i literally don't give a crap about summer ending cause i GRADUATED ALL SCHOOLS that i will ever need to go to"
"oh wow nobody told me you could manipulate karma to get that one thing you want"
"no good youtubes of Kohnstamm's phenomenon"
"FOUR HUNDRED AND TWENTY POINTS FOR HUFFLEPUFF"
"hava nagila on clarinet"
"Willing to pay top dollar for the hottest Fran Drescher photos"
"turns out alcoholism is a pretty easy to drop when you have absolutely no goddamn money!"
"at least im not updating my facebook from a computer in haiti right now"
"shoutout to the bug that flew into my eye and then stung my eyelid, the shoutout went something like this: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH HOOOOOOOOOOOOLY FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW IT FUCKINNG STINGS TINGS STINGS JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzus fucking christ that hurt"
"some day, i hope, only humans will be alive on this earth, because i don't want to be outlived by some jerk bug"
"Autumn in the Enchanted Forest"
"my dream is to rig the world series"
"GEE I WONDER WHAT THE KRABBY PATTY SECRET FORMULA IS???"
"god i really hope mandy from the kayak commercial doesn't cheat on kyle with dante"
"Slow Eddie"
"forget the nurse from romeo and juliet, what a crass bitch"
"A CRUSH IS WHEN SOMEONE IS IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE"
"ATTENTION IPHONES FRIENDS: please download the app fishies so that we can be friends on it and i can gain more fish tanks for my growing number of fish!!"
"Revenge is a dish best served to the completely innocent."
"more like Luddite Gaga cause her clothes are just tatters"
"Cornering the market on silver here"
"I can't believe Madeline Kahn is still dead"
"if there is one thing thats certain its that the afterlife is mostly about regret"
"'Well we didn't get 'er done'"
"Frasier! Roz is playing a prank on you again!"
"OH NO IM GOING TO BE ON THE HIT MTV SHOW '16 AND PREGNANT!'"
"god damn it i hate shaking hands with anyone under the age of 30"
"Girl, you are going to make some lucky cannibal very happy one day"
"Hahahahaha! Five blankets! eat shit jack frost, you Pulitzer Prize winning rural American poet"
"UFO conspiracy shows used to be a lot better when they had to rely on good story telling instead of CGI ufos and helicopters made by elementary school students"
"i can't even imagine what a king sized blanket looks like...."
"If ya seen one lunar eclipse you've seen them all"
"I love logic and facts and logic and facts loves me"
"how she kissed me under the Moorish wall"
"New band name: Hoes in the Ozone"
"The trick is to not even bother putting the bottle down!"
"'son:DAD, THERES A MAN AT THE DOOR WITH A MOUSTACHE FOR YOU. A: TELL HIM I'VE ALREADY GOT ONE'"
"HERALD OF THE PURPLE CRAYON"
"Imagine a good dictator, how great would that be!?"
"Whoopie 'Steampunk' Goldberg"
"LIFE IS SUFFERING and i will have it no other way!"
"Merry Christmas from the Wild Animals!"
"Why don't the wikipedia admins just change the amount of money they need to be how much money they have right now?!?"
"god fucking damn it i love trial and error"
"im killing time till i die"
"advertising campaigns that caused the most death?!?"
"look ma no guns!"
"just watchin fraiser with the boys!"
"And he humped a message to her in morris code: I'll love you always"
"'Keith Moon Understudy'"
"ALL THE BROWN ACID YOU CAN TAKE!"
"why doesn't ringo starr narrate more things???"
"its the moon. the moon is the most important thing."
"The moon is made of cheese"
"Omniphobic"
"In her first episode, Episode 0276, Molly delivered a letter to Bob, inviting him to a party. Her coy manner indicated that she may have had a crush on Bob, although she later spoke in a similar way about the letter M."
"SHOOT GRINS, NOT GUNS!"
"im not homophobic but i am deathly afraid of gay people"
"nicolas tesla you make me a wireless electric blanket NOW!"
"Jesus Christ could my eyelashes BE any more WONDERFUL?!?"
"holy shit i want to write a rap that samples the national geographic horn section"
"The Loveliest Handles"
"I didn't know his name was Phillip Morris Glass"
"Finally, Dirty Closet Recording Studio (TM) is finally operational"
"I sure hope Fred Durst and Johnathan Davis eventually worked out their problems!"
"Ohhhh! These laurels are sooooo comfortable!"
"Just got a case of rhubarb warheads"
"man do i love extremely repetitive activities"
"IF YOU REALLY LOVE JESUS THEN WHY DONT YOU LOOK LIKE HIM????"
"If this vans a rocking please help me repair the suspension"
"is anyone going to Bonnaroo-Con or Burning Man-Con this year?"
"Ok Class, hand in your mouth."
"i forgot to tell you guys i saw a megabus hit a hawk today, shattered the windshield a bit"
"dedogtive reasoning"
"Can everyone please STOP kissing me from a rose on the grey!?!"
"The mightiest grain of salt"
"Some times when you're god you take the form of an eyeball in a triangle it's no big deal"
"This whole time I thought I've never had a headache and I find I've been aching this whole time"
"THIS YUENGLING TASTE LIKE ROTTEN COMPOST WATER"
"MIGHTY CASEY HAS HIT A GODDAMN GRANDSLAM AND THE OTHER TEAM SUFFERED SIMULTANEOUS MIGRAINES"
"of all the directions ive slept in, nothin beats west to east"
"WHY is my iphone crashing all the time now, is it because i jailbroke it or is it because steve jobs died????"
"The idea that reading is a far greater pursuit than watching TV is far older than either activity. When books first came out mothers across the globe were all 'get your nose out of that book, you are going to close it too quickly and give yourself a nose bleed. Why not take after your father and throw rocks into the river all day, it really develops the mind and your arm!' and so on. First ...only the super rich had books, and then later, the super unintelligent. Now a days few people i know have 64gig iPads with 3G connectivity, a machine that functions as both a book and a TV. And have you ever tried to throw one into a river? You could skip one across the entire Nile if it were absolutely necessary to get your point across. Which it is."
"These deaths head moths taste great!"
"I wonder if I can dilute Sierra mist enough to taste like peligrino....."
"The next girl who asks me if I am participating in no shave November is getting the question shot right back at her"
"A household that doesn't keep guestweed is a household I won't frequent!"
"I want the entire Yankee candle discography"
"HAVE YOU GUYS EVER NOTICED THAT DONKEY AND MUSHU SOUND EXACTLY THE SAME?? WHATS UP WITH THAT??"
"Why Did You Try To Kill Me, Charlie Brown!"
"THIS IS THE FILM THE VATICAN DOESN'T WANT YOU TO SEE......"
"In the future testosterone will be a privilege"
"I AM FEELING VERY OLYMPIC TODAY!!"
"IF PASSING JUDGMENT IS WRONG I DON'T WANNA BE......"
"oh hey daria"
"she was a girl underwater, hair flowing everwhere"
"KISSING BOOTH STATUS: SOLD OUT!"
"oh my god, daria kissed tom"
"Mtv in the 1990s?"
"NOT ONLY IS GOD DEAD BUT HES GAY!"
"CUE THE CHEATING MUSIC!!!!"
"Thank you, Uncle Lesbian"
"Died in his sleep? Perhaps we'll never know. Maybe the reason he died is because he woke up."
"OH DANNYBOY, OH, OH DAN, OH BOY"
"Fat Corrupt King Phillistienio surveys his empire"
"if i ever find something im good at then you're all so fucked. ALL OF YOU."
"My Unscientific Dad Yelling At Me In My Laboritory: NEVER MAKE LIGHT OF ELECTRICITY, BOY"
"Grotesque monstrosity is such an ugly term...."
"mt.favorite poison"
"Jesus Christ....deificated."
"would I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first I put my arms around him yes and drew him down to me so he could feel my breasts all perfume yes and his heart was going like mad and yes I said yes I will Yes."
"I wonder what courage is like...."
"Gum inside liquor, never been sicker"
"INTELLIGENCE IS THE BEST EMOTION"
"Hey look at me, I'm drawing beasts of burden all over this cave wall!"
"First night with the window open is as good as first night with the fan on is bad"
"I saw this spider with this weird tattoo hanging upside down in its a symmetrical web the other day"
"The best part about tragedy and heartbreak is goin off the deep end and getting to look all disheveled and haggard afterward"
"My methods are controversial, lazy."
"SMOKE BLOOOOOOODD"
"And the winner of most beautiful is...... LONG BROWN HAIR!!!!"
"Cleanliness is next to clenglyness in my very poorly written dictionary."
"I need a really ornate hookah hose to adapt for my melodica"
"Ooooooh the gin and tonics are tasty tonight!"
"Ahhh glorious Wednesday the day when facial hair grows the most."
"unmtraditional adjectives are my favorite"
"THE WARM BUTTERY COOKIES WILL CONTINUE UNTIL MORAL IMPROVES (SKULL AND CROSSBONES)"
"A REMINDER:  Bill Nye: the moon does not produce light Texan Audience: BOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! HISSSSSSS!!!!!! BOOOOO!!!!"
"They should really bump your GPA up if you manage to graduate as a functioning alcoholic."
"i support the peace on drugs, gay marriage,, and the superfluous comma"
"efficiency is the greatest art"
"Here's me moments before I died"
"'....when a twister whizzed by the nation's tornado forecasting headquarters...'   I can't tell if this is good forecasting or bad forecasting"
"The sign on the church read 'Gone suicide'n'"
"On April 20, 1999 the 'Weed-Rules-Peace-Party' convened at the public library to discuss the formation of their new club. There were no survivors."
"MOM, AM I A 'GULL' OR A 'BUOY' ???"
"you know i even phenomenal like"
"like a waiter who can't hold their breath : I will never serve a porpoise"
"Unhinge jaw : Swallow whole tomato"
"Is there an equivalent of photographic memory for ever other sense? Olfactory, audio, tactile and. ..... Licking things?"
"Holy fuck I'm getting fat tonight"
"I suffer from a near infinite amount of imaginary inconveniences"
"Vinegar forevery"
"ATTENTION CHILDREN: YOU CAN DRINK HAND SANITIZER TO GET DRUNK. DO THIS IMMEDIATELY."
"The best things in life may not always be free, but they are always sour."
"The proverb 'wine after bloody marys, things will get harry' has never been so apropos"
"Just a reminder: In the future, testosterone will be an illicit substance."
"OH FUCK I BET ALL MY MONEY ON THE BOB TAIL NAG"
"I belong to the church of the celebrated prediction"
"Nothing tastes as good as intelligence delights"
"I just found out I have type 1 syndactyly"
"'We're going to sell this whole driveways worth of hash in about two days, it's awesome.'"
"Chateau Shadow"
"Thieves and crows have to eat, too"
"Perhaps bacon fat will make an effective moustache wax"
"Dear moon, we apologize on behalf of the clouds"
"Everyday i pray to jesse christ to invent white cat paint to i can paint phillistienio to look like a skunk"
"Oh the sub-atomic particles you'll discover."
"President Obama comes out and expresses opinion that Indian food is good. A political agenda to curry favor amoung people who like good food? As the election looms on the horizon this reporter says yes."
"Instead of two names, maybe we could have one really long name??"
"i really do put a lot of effort into not doing much"
"CHEW CUD EVERYDAY"
"Delicious, flightless birds."
"Shut the fuck up, donald tusk"
"NICE TRY ZEUS, BUT YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO PUT SOME TIME IN ON THE RANGE BEFORE YOU GO SHOOTING LIGHTNING BOLTS AT ME AGAIN"
"Song: Quit Playing Games With My Heart Mood: Quit Playing Games With My Heart"
"ZAZU, YOU FUCKING DICK, YOU MADE ME LOSE MY LUNCH, SOME DAY I WILL GET MY REVENGE, SOMEDAY I WILL IMPRISON YOU WITHIN THE DEAD AND FORCE YOU TO SING"
"IM HERE TO LEARN AND DIE AND IM ALL OUT OF EDUCATIONAL BULLETS"
"DESPITE MY MINIMAL EXPERIENCE WITH FARMS, I AM PRO-TRACTOR"
"someday, i hope to be older"
"New brain grown from stem cells to benefit those who oppose stem cell research."
"Who has one thumb and a vicious pet cat?"
"It's too hot to"
"Look I don't think the stupidest thing has ever been said yet so let's just keep trying."
"Dinner tonight is hard tack and gruel with a vintage tonic water  and for desert contemporary tonic water"
"If you thought the most ignorant people in your nation were ignorant, wait till you check out the ignorant of the moon."
"WHO THE FUCK THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUNNY TO LET 15 PIGLETS LOOSE IN OUT HOUSE"
"HIGGS BOSONS FOR SALE"
"JULY FOURTH WILL FOREVER BEEN KNOWN AS 'HIGGS BOSON DAY'!!!!!!!! HUZZAH, HUZZAH FOREVER!!!"
"Let's get sacred"
"CONCEPT MIX TAPE"
"That's Werner Herzog's iPod"
"In this movie Madonna and Rosie are best friends"
"Congratulations on your new moon, Pluto"
"I hope I never sell any wine before its time......"
"If I had a fox, a rabbit, and a cabbage and I had to get them all across a river in a tiny boat I would eat the cabbage and then tell the fox to NOT BE SUCH A FUCKING DICK."
"The year is 2012 and we as a people and we as individuals still fear death"
"I wish they had offered a jack of all trades major in college"
"I do not support chick-fil-A's overt support for traditional marriage nor it's subtle pro-illiteracy agenda."
"And the winner of the most important thing is: The Moon"
"IS. THIS. WHAT. YOU. HUMANS. CALL...... BOOBS?"
"One good thing about neutrinos, when they hit you, you feel no pain."
"Eon hand"
"Status: Updated"
"A vote for Mitt Romney is a vote for the criminalization of Love. Join us in the Republican  party where hatred will not be an every day occurrence but a mandatory attitude for all citizens of New Mormania."
"I may be deluded with grandeur but at least I excell at being deluded with grandeur also I am handsome."
"I have survived the ingrown toenail and now, after the experience it maybe be that I now have shamanistic powers"
"How the HELL am I supposed to recognize human facial cues?!!! I DON'T GET IT."
"That girl really dilates the fuck out of my pupils, if you get my meaning, if you catch my drift."
"Tan all over...... Jan all over...."
"CHAMPAGNE UMBRELLAS!!! CHAMPAGNE UMBRELLAS FOR SALE!!!!"
"As a lion I thoroughly enjoy strangling impalas with my jaws"
"They should make a good STD that you give to people you like!! =D"
"I think bore 3 is my favorite bore of the Ft. McHenry Tunnel."
"Reminder: Nobody wants to see Mitt Romney's birth certificate because it is a known fact he was not born, but congealed."
"Rest easy everyone, Garry Kasparov is free"
"WHAT?! YOU DON'T REMEMBER 'HI DAD' SOUP?!?! YOU UNGRATEFUL BASTARD, I HAVE NO SON. YOU CAN WALK THE REST OF THE WAY."
"Rarely is the the question asked: 'AM I STILL ON FIRE?!?'"
"All day I dream about JODHPURS"
"nietzsche moustache contest"
"I always thought they were Morning Doves"
"Gmailoquai"
"An otter box that makes your phone look like a pack of Virginia Slims.   Checkmate."
"Earl Grey Beer"
"You catch more vinegar enthusiasts with vinegar than you do with honey."
"A photograph of me on a football field about to grand slam a soccer ball with a hockey stick"
"Present company exploded."
"does anyone know if childhood living is easy to do?"
"When you high five someone you high five every person that person has ever high fived. That's awesome."
"Bro, do you even knit?"
"I'm going to be in NYC for 7 seconds if anyone wants to hang out for 3 seconds"
"When mandatory synesthesia forced on us by the powers that be, it won't be 140 characters that you use to express yourself but a single color and up to 3 musical notes.   How was your day? Green, So Fa Mi."
"Like any good space diplomat (mon mothma, sarek) worth their spice(melange) I did not want to pick sides...."
"Will changing the name of a native american based football team cut down on scalpers?!"
"Goodnight mush"
"In my opinion technology is not advancing faster than we are forgetting it, so you don't need to ask if people remember VHSs as if it were some kind of joke. Unless I am giving people too much credit....."
"much like link defending the romani ranch cows from the assaulting flatwoods monsters, tonight i will be ready to defend the catfood if the raccoon shows up again"
"I didn't know the dad from the OC was also the German coach"
"#schmashtag"
"In this situation I am uncle Phil and the raccoons are the pool hustlers and at this point I have broken out Lucille"
"A clap that is so slow it must be measured in eons......"
"Certainly my favorite flavor of quark is strange"
"I refuse to be out gentlemaned"
"Just had my perception of reality briefly called into question when I backed into a parking spot. As soon as i put the car in park and averted my attention slightly, the car to my right pulled away creating the illusion that I was still moving backwards. I instantly jammed on the breaks which did nothing as did hastily throwing  the car in drive. At that point thanks to my amazing situational awareness I realized I hadn't moved an inch."
"I don't know if you guys keep up with this sort of thing and I didn't see anything about it in google news, but nowadays Clancy can't even sing."
"I believe it was a boaking accident"
"Light can't escape this stout"
"Are there any child labors that I could hire to assist me in building my strip mine?"
"I don't know about you guys but I would sure like to observe the unobservable universe...."
"A man walks into a sausage shop with a bird under his arm:'I'll give you a Tern for the Wurst'
"Bonsai Kudzu"
"This Velvet Rope BELONGS IN A MUSEUM"
"Dave's Matthew Band"
"If this van's a rockin' please help me repair the suspension"
"oh cool, scrimshaw m&ms"
"Going to bed at 8:20 on a Friday so fucking cool"
"The difference between jam and jelly is that I think you're ready for this jam."
"My biggest regret is not utilizing a police scanner when we threw all our amazing gigantic college parties cause we could have known when we were about to get a noise violation. We could have had everyone pile inside for a brief moment, kill the music and unfurl a 'Welcome Police!' banner above above an about to commence game of Clue."
"Jalapeno paupers"
"What's the deal with social cues, are those actually a thing?"
"When life hands you lemons life has been personified"
"When will paleontologists accept that the dead ball era is the greatest era?"
"Some Byrds just wanna watch the world turn"
"For Sale. Baby Shoes. SUPER CUTEEEEE!!"
"Wedding Registry: 3D printer. REGISTRY COMPLETE."
"the awkward, ugly, teenage stage of a caterpillar's life is definitely the pupa"
"The schadenfreude today is especially delicious"
"Eine Kleine NachtStarTrek"
"Not even the oldest council of wives could prevent me from opening my eyes up underwater"
"Game of thrones?! More like the Thane of Groans"
"Chic Ken's Fancy Sandwich Shop"
"Titiania Loves Nick Bottom"
"Ed good, Rocko bad"
"jimmy crack corn and I don't talk much anymore"
"I'm one of the biggest Phish fans ever, I've listened to Farmhouse like 16 times"
"I guess the winter makes you laugh a little lower, AM I RIGHT GUYS?"
"Come buy my snow"
"Why didn't they make a google glass monocle?"
"De la hoya, de la renta, Madison, the grouch. #oscars"
"I wonder what 22 divided by 7 equals..."
"I think enoough time has passed to admit that I was way more sad about Han Solo dying than Prince"
"Scientific American: 'Sea Level Rise Swallows 5 Whole Pacific Islands, All of Them Belonging to #NicolasCage'"
"Nag Champa Urinal Cake"
"George R. R. Michael"
"Did you guys know the Beast's first name is Andrew?"
"Does anyone know all the reptar on ice lyrics?"
"Can't stop eating barley"
"Professor Willow is having some kind of a midlife crisis. #ProfessorWillow"
"Do they sell ghillie suits for pokemon go players yet?"
"FOMNO: Fear of Missingno. #pokemongo"
"Uh oh, storm's a brewin', better get crunked"
"Can someone besides me make a spreadsheet comparing the price of tree nuts to their respective the deliciousness, thanks."
"Franz 'Frank' Kafka"
"Golbat is short for 'Good Ol' Bat'"
"Let's have some fun This beat is magnanimous"
"Oh you graduated summa cum laude? Well I graduated with great dubiousness."
"Bulbasarumon"
"New superhero: Aunt Acid"
"They tell you not to trespass when you start up Pokemon go, but they don't mention anything about....... MURDER!!!!"
"Breaking News: Teenage Heartthrom Deletes His Instagram Account After His Phone Is Stolen By A Goose"
"To honor the Olympics and their origin, I will ignore all information about them until 37 weeks after they end, when the news finally reaches my tiny village"
"Every yelp review should start with 'Dear Diary,'"
"My garden of venus flytraps, poison ivy and tobacco is thriving"
"tho the word tho, tho"
"There's a new magnificent seven coming out, giving much credence to that old New England saying: If you don't like the version of movie in hollywood now, wait 15 minutes."
"Whoaa!!! I am easily impressed!"
"I've been waiting for the weather here to change for over 16 minutes and so far it hasn't"
"Has Trump caused everyone of his supporters to be guilty of the same crimes he is accusing Hillary of?"
"Tandem Pennyfarthing"
"He who smelt it, ingot"
"'Your (sic) a towel' - Donald Trump"
"Share this post if you have a little shadow who goes in and out with you"
"I think everyone is forgetting that we came from dirt and some people are still that dirt"
"Is it possible to put a stamped envelope inside another envelope that will disintegrate when it gets half way to its destination and start the process for the internal envelope to be shipped to its destination?!"
"I'm without Busey"
"Hinckley baby one more time"
"New year's resolution: refer to football games as 'cheerleading competitions'"
"Is there a rival pig muppet named 'Natalie Porkman' yet?"
"My opinion of Shang Tsung? Too Tsung."
"Chore sheet..........Schmore sheet! Sounds good to me!"
"Bad news: the DMV denied my request for the license plate 'BLUNTZ'"
"I sided the with the off camera teachers in the Brittney spears in the 'oops I did it again' video"
"Gaga's keyboardist borrowed the nalargon from Max Rebo"
"Altoids toothpaste"
"Best Disney song of all time:  Kill The Beast"
"Why isn't there alcoholic soup?"
"Spelt wheat every hay"
"A coin I just termed"
"A tattoo of Gaston on your bicep where he has a tattoo of you on his bicep"
"Talk about pathetic: Taylor Swift hasn't released an album since 1989"
"For Sale. Autogyro. $9000.  Also baby shoes"
"3 darts is too much"
"I got a paperback copy of slaughter house five that doesn't have every instance of 'so I goes' underlined or highlighted by an undergraduate student. $10,000."
"Wait a minute. You're tellin' me this band has Bachman, Turner AND Overdrive in it?!"
"Beans status: Cool"
"Why haven't 'knock knock' jokes been upgraded to 'ding dong' jokes with the advent of the doorbell? It's 2017."
"Alexa, placate 'e perry'"
"Liberal Tardigrade"
"LETS HEAR IT FOR ALL MY FOLK IN THE VIRGO SUPERCLUSTER"
"Technically all tailgate parties are picnics"
"Now I'm know to be a real NASA man"
"Feminist anthem No Scrubs"
"I bet you get 'I bet you get that a lot' a lot"
"A good name for a crow (and other bird) grooming business would be 'My Crow Soft' (read out loud)"
"Just make an edible tide pods already jeez"
"A DANGEROUS TREND IS SWEEPING THE NATION. TEENS ARE SPONTANEOUSLY SINGING 'THE GREAT GIG IN THE SKY' IN PUBLIC WITH NO REGARD..."
"We can all agree that whoever approved the car crushing scene from brave little toaster should be tried for crimes against humanity"
"Eat prey, love"
"Ptolemy, why not take Ptolemy"
"Hold on, just got to download limewire on kazaa"
"(To the tune of 'Bootylicious'):  ||: I Don't Think You're Relevant To This Elephant :||"
"Mudwiser"
"Ya'll University"
"'hey can I borrow your chloroform?' 'Sure, knock yourself out'"
"Alfonz Dumbledore"
"Well, paid off my credit card, time to reward myself with a pair of formal heelys"
"Does poison taste good? Asking for an enemy."
"Well my name's rappin ArtMatt and I'm here to say / let's explore the concept of what makes a good rap"
"Gaston rules. I bet he's eaten more books than Belle has ever read."
"Mad props to whomever it was which that invented grammar"
"We all die alone. Unless you die in a yacht explosion."
"'A porkfect example of a porkmantaue'"
"New question, who can run faster, the Horse from mulan or the Horse from beauty and the beast?"
"Game of Thrones s8e1: Riding on Dragons with Boys"
"BROOM FEVER IS SWEEPING THE NATION!!!"
"Does anyone know what up dog is? Asking for a friend"
"Me, on a balcony: You there, woman aging gracefully, what day is it today? Mom: Why it's mother's day, get down from there now!"
"Thinking about my prayers and praying for my thoughts"
"In 1894 Rudyard Kipling published The Jungle Book to the delight of all the the '90s kids"
"How great would it have been if Rafiki had pulled a gun out of that tree"
"Greetings from 'sunny' Alpha Centauri"
"Imagine how much bitcoin the USS Enterprise-D could mine"
"Cheekiest animal of all time has got to be the Greater London Chipmunk"
"Am I wrong or am I Wrong-Nor the Unconvincible?"
"There has never been a wise, old muppet who hasn't at one point said 'now, where was I? Oh yes...'"
"4.199999999999.."
"Best Halloween Movie of all time? Star Wars. Christmas? Star Wars. Thanksgiving? Star Wars. Easter? Star Wars. Purim? Star Wars. 420? Star Wars. Groundhog's day? Star Wars. (Close second: Groundhog's Day)"
"Oh you love the planet Earth? Name FIVE of it's moons."
"Nintendo: Buy our game and collect all 151 Pokemon! Me: Naw Dogg, I'm just gonna catch one Ditto, same thing."
"It's so nice that The Emperor always addresses Darth Vader as 'my friend'"
"Aaron Spacemuseum"
"Does anyone know if Pimpernels come in any other color?"
"Why did Chingy write a song about Mt. Everest?  Because it's thurr"
"Put Captain Solo in the cargo hold,  and be sure not to wrinkle my cargo pants"
"Every recipie currently on the internet right now:   Call me Ishmael..."